today's video is all about the between
power program I have received a lot of
messages from you guys asking for more
information so I thought I would just
put together this really quick video to
show you what it's all about all the
juicy details so let's jump in so my
signature course or program called the
petit power program is a 12-week
three-month program for petite women
specifically I specialized in petite
women's health
I'm a certified fitness and nutrition
coach I'm April by the way in case this
is your first time watching my ig TV or
something on my channel so this course I
created for petite women to boost the
metabolism in case you didn't know it
being shorter means that we have
slightly slower metabolisms because
height is one of those factors that
plays a role in our metabolism so this
course is completely designed to reboot
your metabolism as Apetit through both
Fitness programming that's tailored to
you I'm sure if you're a shorty watching
this you've gotten on a machine in the
gym before and hasn't really fit right
and it's felt really awkward so the
program from a fitness perspective is
completely tailored to your body your
height also for moments have ilysm
perspective the programming is intro to
strength training to help get your
metabolism up through building muscle so
if you've never lifted weights before
this is an amazing intro course for you
if you are kind of intermediate with
weights this is also really good for you
it'll teach everything from how to get
started with weeds through how to
progress with your weights if you have
been lifting weights for a few years
already the best part of this whole
course is that it only opens quarterly
because I run it live with you so I'm
your coach online and I'm there every
day coaching you we have monthly
mastermind calls which is really really
fun where all of us as a group hop on a
video call and I coach you through
things that are coming up working on
loving your petite body feeling really
great in your skin feeling confident
feeling powerful second of all of course
Fitness and transformation your physical
transformation working on gaining muscle
and losing fat or toning which is what
that is
so toning up as a petite and just
feeling amazing in your petite body
because that's what
it's all about so what will you get in
the program you will get an entire
12-week fitness program that comes in
the form of a PDF and every single
exercise has a video tutorial for it so
you get access to the small EDX library
forever by the way you always have
access to it once you join as my clients
[Music]
so aside from the fitness program you
will also receive your nutrition guide
you'll receive a sample meal plan that
will help you build out your macros if
you want to track macros it has many
different options in the book for eating
and it's all tailored to petite women so
whether you want to eat intuitively
whether you want some help with your
portions whether you want to track
macros all the options are sort of laid
out there and you can work on choosing
what's best for you this is really cool
the other part that comes with this
course is an entire 12-week syllabus
with a theme every single week for what
we're working on that's really big part
of the program is not just following
some program because some random coach
told you to but learning the whys behind
everything why it works for a petite
woman if you'd like to see the syllabus
I have one for you you can send me a DM
right now and I will shoot you over the
syllabus it's really really fun and it
just allows you to take in this
lifestyle in a step-by-step fashion so
it's not just everything at once over
the 12 weeks we're just looking at your
lifestyle week by week together as a
group and working on building it out in
a sustainable feel-good kind of way
which is just really it just feels good
to spend time on yourself and not try to
get a quick fix and you know a week so
who is this program for this program is
for the petite woman who's felt
frustrated in her fat loss or her weight
loss goals or she's felt just frustrated
trying to figure out how to lift weights
in the gym and wants to learn how to
legitimately lift weights the safe way
with proper form just feel like a pro
and the gym
be around fellow PT women who get her
the booty power program is for a woman
who values herself so much that she's
not going to waste her time on a crash
diet maybe she has in the past that's
okay we've kind of all had our own
health journeys but this is for the
woman who knows she's worth more than a
quick fix and she's ready to invest her
time and her energy on a more
sustainable lifestyle goal is always to
feel powerful in your skin as a petite
woman to learn what that looks like for
you and to help you show up in the world
in a way that feels really good to you
so you've been think of this program as
having several pillars it has your
fitness your nutrition in your mindset
and that's something that we all work on
together you get all three things inside
the program and I'll share some
transformations here while I'm just
talking about the history of this
program so where did petite power come
from how do I know that it works so I'm
five foot one you guys probably already
know that if you're watching this and I
developed this program sort of on
accident several years ago about three
years ago now I had tried every kind of
program I had tried
kala its Tina's I did 56 weeks of BBG I
did so many programs and they were okay
but I didn't see a result I didn't feel
good I felt exhausted from them low
energy and I didn't have a
transformation really in my mind or my
body I started to create my own program
that was based on what first of all felt
good it was very intuitive and second of
all what my goals were to lose fat and
gain muscles petite and just have that
body transformation after about 12 weeks
I had developed this program kind of on
accident and I had my first kind of
really big body transformation or body
recomposition where I lost a lot of fat
and I gained a lot of muscle I'll show
you guys my transformation that first
time around I have a science background
so we started researching online why
this program might have worked so well
for me and Wyatt kaya wasn't out there
before basically what I found is that
height and metabolism are correlated and
the program that I had naturally kind of
designed for myself perfectly targeted
the petite metabolism to speed it up rev
it up and get results for a petite woman
and
optimized ways that you don't have to
spend all of your time and free time at
the gym I tested it on 20 women for free
this was about two years ago and these
20 women got incredible incredible
results they felt amazing they lost
weight they kept it off and they had
this new lifestyle and honestly that's
kind of the very beginning of small
etics was this original program that's
really based in the science of the
petite metabolism and it can just help
you love your body and feel good in it
and get your terms transformation so
with the early bird pricing you get $200
off the program which is a great offer
and it comes out to nine hundred for the
early bird offer the investment for the
program after March 31st will be 1,100
so the $200 it's comes basically back up
to regular price I do offer payment
plans to help make this super affordable
for everyone's budget from anything from
300 a month to longer payment plans so
if you want to chat about a custom
payment plan you want to explore kick
around ideas with me I'm here to support
you I know what this program is worth
and I know that you're worth it so if
you want to chat about a program with me
a payment custom payment program just
send medium and we will chat why is this
program so expensive so here's the thing
you guys there is no program like this
out there and once you have become my
client once you've gone through the
Petite program once you become an alumni
and at that point you will receive
entrance into my programs at a very
reduced rate so the cost of renewing is
really really cheap and really
affordable the other reason why this
program is more expensive than you might
see with a you know Kayla it cena's or
some kind of PDF that you download is
because this is not just a guide this is
an actual step-by-step program with live
coaching it's different every time I run
it depending on the women that are in it
and what they're struggling with so the
value is a lot higher you're basically
getting an online personal coach tailor
to you and I'm available to talk there's
so much support that it really cannot be
compared to a PDF guide in addition to
that it also includes nutrition because
not just a fitness coach I'm also a
certified nutrition coach and you will
not really find many programs that
tackle both those things in one and
lastly all of the mindset work we do is
also really really key for having this
be a sustainable part of your life and
not just a program that you do for a few
weeks and then fall off of and aren't
very happy with your results my camera
has done like several times filming us
and then right as I sat down to felt now
to film now that someone's vacuuming in
the apartment okay after you become my
client it's not like I just leave you
and you have nowhere to go I always have
options and ways to continue to work on
yourself following the petite power
program so if you guys have any other
questions feel free to send me a DM like
I said enrollment is open only for the
rest of this month so a few more days
really just six days left to get the
early bird deal I really urge you to
just reach out if you're even a little
bit curious and we can chat about how to
make it work for your budget and if you
feel scared about investing in yourself
just know that's totally normal but I
believe that this is going to be so
worth it and once you get over that fear
you're gonna completely feel the shift
in energy jumping into such an amazing
program like this and working on
yourself so if you guys have any
questions reach out and we will chat
soon bye